I can't stay, I'm here. Li Fei,
You are really here alone. this contract,
I can bring it. Release it for my wife and children.
It's okay to let people go. but,
Let's sign the contract first. There is no ugly horse on hand.
I really don’t dare anymore. You put him down.
They let go. I'll sign a contract for you.
Li Fei, you really asked him.
I should have killed him right then and there.
Li Fei, let them all go. If you let me go, I'll sign a contract for you.
At this time, whether to sign the contract or not?
Is it important? I will kill you today.
Nothing will change in the future
You must, if it weren't for you
Tianmei gold will soon be ours.
Party members' wealth is like killing their parents